fix(contributing): docs clarification (#1353)
Kong/kongponents: docs/guide/contributing.md

    ```sh
    yarn build:kongponents
    ```

    :::tip Note

>     If you think you will be making multiple changes to the code, you can use the `--watch` flag to automatically rebuild when you save changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, if you do not need to rebuild the types and would prefer to watch for changes, you can run just the `vite build` command with the `--watch` flag to automatically rebuild when you save changes.
```

    ✨  Done in 0.04s.
    ```

> 1. At this point it is recommended you delete the `node_modules` folder in your consuming app and rerun `yarn install` to fully clear the linkage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. At this point it is recommended you delete the `node_modules` folder in your consuming app and rerun `yarn install --frozen-lockfile` to fully clear the linkage.
```
